Add Celo Account envs (#53)
blockscout/docs: setup/env-variables/backend-envs-chain-specific.mdx

| `CELO_LOCKED_GOLD_CONTRACT`                          | The address of the `LockedGold` core contract. Implemented in [#12893](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12893).                                                                                                                              | Version: master <br />Default: (empty)<br />Applications: Indexer        |
| `CELO_ACCOUNTS_CONTRACT`                             | The address of the `Accounts` core contract. Implemented in [#12893](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12893).                                                                                                                                | Version: master <br />Default: (empty)<br />Applications: Indexer        |
| `INDEXER_CELO_ACCOUNTS_CONCURRENCY`                  | Sets the maximum number of concurrent requests for fetching Celo accounts.                                                                                                                                                                                | Version: master <br />Default: `1`<br />Applications: Indexer            |

> | `INDEXER_CELO_ACCOUNTS_BATCH_SIZE`                   | Specifies the number of account addresses processed per batch during fetching.                                                                                                                                                                            | Version: master <br />Default: `100`<br />Applications: Indexer          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CELO_UNRELEASED_TREASURY_CONTRACT`                  | The address of the `CeloUnreleasedTreasury` core contract. Implemented in [#12373](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12373).                                                                                                                  | Version: v9.2.0+ <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: Indexer       |
| `CELO_VALIDATORS_CONTRACT`                           | The address of the `Validators` core contract. Implemented in [#12373](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12373).                                                                                                                              | Version: v9.2.0+ <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: Indexer       |
| `CELO_EPOCH_MANAGER_CONTRACT`                        | The address of the `EpochManager` core contract. Implemented in [#12373](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12373).                                                                                                                            | Version: v9.2.0+ <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: Indexer       |
| `CELO_LOCKED_GOLD_CONTRACT`                          | The address of the `LockedGold` core contract. Implemented in [#12893](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12893).                                                                                                                              | Version: v9.2.0+ <br />Default: (empty)<br />Applications: Indexer        |
| `CELO_ACCOUNTS_CONTRACT`                             | The address of the `Accounts` core contract. Implemented in [#12893](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12893).                                                                                                                                | Version: v9.2.0+ <br />Default: (empty)<br />Applications: Indexer        |
| `INDEXER_CELO_ACCOUNTS_CONCURRENCY`                  | Sets the maximum number of concurrent requests for fetching Celo accounts.                                                                                                                                                                                | Version: v9.2.0+ <br />Default: `1`<br />Applications: Indexer            |
| `INDEXER_CELO_ACCOUNTS_BATCH_SIZE`                   | Specifies the number of account addresses processed per batch during fetching.                                                                                                                                                                            | Version: v9.2.0+ <br />Default: `100`<br />Applications: Indexer          |
```
